oh man Weiss twerking gotta be banned at
prom shut up yin and I a never went to
prom in high school and I think that
you'll be able to see why from this
video enjoy I Ian hey Anthony did you
hear about prom yes Ian let's go to prom
with hot girls great idea but what if
other people don't know how to prom then
let's show them how to prom with the
tight rapid idea before you can't go to
the prom you've gotta get a hot date
that looks real bomb get the courage to
go up and ask her I'm really good at
excel the pickup Master are you saying
got a problem me cuz i'm hecka wraps it
be safe no I'm fucking you in the level
I'm it always like a show of force my
dad was a whip that's why he's the board
what a pretty pretty
it's an old
Oh
the back
we're gonna show you how
and it's gonna be aa
go to prom in a jeans and a hood got a
dress and a handsome and be looking
hecka good soon time buh-buh-buh-buh
black socks we love pizza prob cuz we
totally rock when your stupid mom tried
to take pics never smile show your
badass look us by y'all make sure you
flex your muscles a lot and try to show
off from saving energy drinks and all
ladies dress shows off her chest
is the
we're gonna show you how
ha
met its all hecka lavish there's a table
full of hunch that you wanna ravage the
dj's blessing all the cuckoo coolest
knowing Slim Shady Slipknot in the back
seat boys some people spiked the punch
with booze don't drink it yo get drunk
get show your move so we spiked the
punch with lots of sugar and because
we're so funny we put in a burger
Oh drills try first grab your girls step
out on the floor put your hand on her
shoulder and get ready to school slide a
hand down her back move it down to the
crap hover there brother you're about to
attack now slow it down go get ready to
go into the sweet one you're the man now
pretty pretty problems an energy
of your ladies dresses Oh
I see it up
in the battle
Freddie problem is
energy drinks
Oh
gotta see
in the back
that's how you rule at your high school
prom hope you learned a lesson on how to
be the bomb I'd be cutting for our tips
cuz you're a loser nude at least there's
always some drunk girl flashing her boom
you're not gonna flush your boob yng
told me she's gonna flash your good
poster I've why did you passion I'll
leave you a hot pocket ok dad can eat
rug dad turn off the camera we can't use
this footage I me
check out the behind scenes video and
other stuff like me look in hecka buff
guys gotta take break shake it up click
the video right here I'm gonna go try to
grow a beard he showed me a picture of
his boss then I accepted to download the
song click the link click it so fast
your finger turns pink and it starts to
stink thanks for subscribing but I don't
know what subscribing means because
YouTube wasn't around with video is
supposedly made so um just do it anyway
yay boobies you just wanna go put up my
new pop in no way that's the little
girls let's go play with my skip it